pages/other-resources.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Other Resources
permalink: /other-resources/
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable blanks-around-headings -->

{:.sub-title}
#### A list of links to other useful organizations or resources for Women in Robotics

{:.mt-5}
## ORGANIZATIONS

- Black in Robotics - ​​[https://blackinrobotics.org/](https://blackinrobotics.org/)
- Black in AI - [https://blackinai.github.io/](https://blackinai.github.io/)
- Black ComputeHer - [https://blackcomputeher.org/](https://blackcomputeher.org/)
- Women in Machine Learning - [https://wimlworkshop.org/](https://wimlworkshop.org/faq/)
- Women in Machine Learning & Data Science - [https://wimlds.org/](https://wimlds.org/)
- Women in AI - [https://www.womeninai.co/](https://www.womeninai.co/)
- Women Who Code - [https://www.womenwhocode.com/](https://www.womenwhocode.com/about)
- IEEE Women in Engineering - [https://www.ieee.org/membership/women/](https://www.ieee.org/membership/women/index.html)
- ACM-W or Women in Association for Computing Machinery - [https://women.acm.org/](https://women.acm.org/)
- Society of Women Engineers - [https://swe.org/](https://swe.org/)
- Anita Borg Org - [https://anitab.org/](https://anitab.org/)
- Lesbians Who Tech - [https://lesbianswhotech.org](https://lesbianswhotech.org/about/)
- Women Who Tech - [https://womenwhotech.com](https://womenwhotech.com/about)
- Association for Women in Science - [https://www.awis.org](https://www.awis.org/about-awis)

{:.mt-5}
## DIRECTORIES/LISTS

- Women in US Academic Robotics Research (list) - [https://us-women-in-robotics-research.github.io/](https://us-women-in-robotics-research.github.io/)
- Women in Academic Research in Robotics in Canada (list) - [https://canada-robotics-research-lists.github.io/canada-women-in-robotics-research/](https://canada-robotics-research-lists.github.io/canada-women-in-robotics-research/)

{:.mt-5}
## REFERENCES/RESOURCES

- Terminology for 21st Century Technologists - [https://robohub.org/its-time-to-update-19th-century-terms-for-21st-century-technology/](https://robohub.org/its-time-to-update-19th-century-terms-for-21st-century-technology/)
- For Women in Science - [https://www.forwomeninscience.com/map/](https://www.forwomeninscience.com/map/)
- Picture a Scientist - [https://www.rocoeducational.com/picture_a_scientist](https://www.rocoeducational.com/picture_a_scientist)
- Coded Bias - [https://www.codedbias.com/](https://www.codedbias.com/)
- Women in STEM - [https://online.maryville.edu/blog/women-in-stem/](https://online.maryville.edu/blog/women-in-stem/)
- Breaking the Glass Ceiling Early On: How to Empower Girls in STEM - [https://bootcamp.pe.gatech.edu/blog/how-to-empower-girls-in-stem/](https://bootcamp.pe.gatech.edu/blog/how-to-empower-girls-in-stem/)
- Free STEM Resources for Girls and Women Who Want to Work in Data Science, Machine Learning and AI - [https://bootcamp.berkeley.edu/blog/free-stem-resources-for-girls-and-women-in-data-science-machine-learning-and-ai](https://bootcamp.berkeley.edu/blog/free-stem-resources-for-girls-and-women-in-data-science-machine-learning-and-ai/)

Submit corrections or new information to [website@womeninrobotics.org](mailto:website@womeninrobotics.org)

Commit message:

Add WiR submission to Australia National Robotics Strategy

pages/other-resources.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Other Resources
permalink: /other-resources/
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable blanks-around-headings -->

{:.sub-title}
#### A list of links to other useful organizations or resources for Women in Robotics

{:.mt-5}
## ORGANIZATIONS

- Black in Robotics - ​​[https://blackinrobotics.org/](https://blackinrobotics.org/)
- Black in AI - [https://blackinai.github.io/](https://blackinai.github.io/)
- Black ComputeHer - [https://blackcomputeher.org/](https://blackcomputeher.org/)
- Women in Machine Learning - [https://wimlworkshop.org/](https://wimlworkshop.org/faq/)
- Women in Machine Learning & Data Science - [https://wimlds.org/](https://wimlds.org/)
- Women in AI - [https://www.womeninai.co/](https://www.womeninai.co/)
- Women Who Code - [https://www.womenwhocode.com/](https://www.womenwhocode.com/about)
- IEEE Women in Engineering - [https://www.ieee.org/membership/women/](https://www.ieee.org/membership/women/index.html)
- ACM-W or Women in Association for Computing Machinery - [https://women.acm.org/](https://women.acm.org/)
- Society of Women Engineers - [https://swe.org/](https://swe.org/)
- Anita Borg Org - [https://anitab.org/](https://anitab.org/)
- Lesbians Who Tech - [https://lesbianswhotech.org](https://lesbianswhotech.org/about/)
- Women Who Tech - [https://womenwhotech.com](https://womenwhotech.com/about)
- Association for Women in Science - [https://www.awis.org](https://www.awis.org/about-awis)

{:.mt-5}
## DIRECTORIES/LISTS

- Women in US Academic Robotics Research (list) - [https://us-women-in-robotics-research.github.io/](https://us-women-in-robotics-research.github.io/)
- Women in Academic Research in Robotics in Canada (list) - [https://canada-robotics-research-lists.github.io/canada-women-in-robotics-research/](https://canada-robotics-research-lists.github.io/canada-women-in-robotics-research/)

{:.mt-5}
## REFERENCES/RESOURCES

- Terminology for 21st Century Technologists - [https://robohub.org/its-time-to-update-19th-century-terms-for-21st-century-technology/](https://robohub.org/its-time-to-update-19th-century-terms-for-21st-century-technology/)
- For Women in Science - [https://www.forwomeninscience.com/map/](https://www.forwomeninscience.com/map/)
- Picture a Scientist - [https://www.rocoeducational.com/picture_a_scientist](https://www.rocoeducational.com/picture_a_scientist)
- Coded Bias - [https://www.codedbias.com/](https://www.codedbias.com/)
- Women in STEM - [https://online.maryville.edu/blog/women-in-stem/](https://online.maryville.edu/blog/women-in-stem/)
- Breaking the Glass Ceiling Early On: How to Empower Girls in STEM - [https://bootcamp.pe.gatech.edu/blog/how-to-empower-girls-in-stem/](https://bootcamp.pe.gatech.edu/blog/how-to-empower-girls-in-stem/)
- Free STEM Resources for Girls and Women Who Want to Work in Data Science, Machine Learning and AI - [https://bootcamp.berkeley.edu/blog/free-stem-resources-for-girls-and-women-in-data-science-machine-learning-and-ai](https://bootcamp.berkeley.edu/blog/free-stem-resources-for-girls-and-women-in-data-science-machine-learning-and-ai/)
- [Women in Robotics Submission to National Robotics Strategy](/assets/WiR%20submission%20to%20Australia%20National%20Robotics%20Strategy.pdf)

Submit corrections or new information to [website@womeninrobotics.org](mailto:website@womeninrobotics.org)
