pages/project-advance.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Project Advance
permalink: /project-advance/
---

![Project Advance](/assets/images/project-advance.jpg)

## Why We Started Project Advance

Robotics is a fast-growing field touching many different industries. Although there are several prominent women and nonbinary leaders in the space, more can be done to pave a smoother path for the next generation. Research shows that high-value mentoring happens between people 4-5 years apart in career stages. Project Advance aims to make those connections to facilitate the advancement of women and non-binary people in robotics. We will be launching the first beta of this program this summer, drawing inspiration from some of the best mentorship programs in the country to create a high-trust, intimate environment with structured accountability and a sense of community.

## How It Works

Over the course of 90 days, Project Advance will pair a small number of high-potential women and nonbinary people with mentors who are just a few steps ahead. Mentors and mentees will virtually meet every two weeks to discuss how to meaningfully increase their personal and professional impact. As this is the first beta of Project Advance, we will also be experimenting with other programming such as fire-side chats and skills-based workshops to help refine the experience for future cohorts.

Submit an application to mentor or be a mentee (you can be both)!

[Submit an application](/project-advance-application/){: .btn .btn-lg .btn-default-filled .my-5}

Commit message:

Update intro text
Edited text to reflect that it's the second cohort.

pages/project-advance.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Project Advance
permalink: /project-advance/
---

![Project Advance](/assets/images/project-advance.jpg)

## Why We Started Project Advance

Robotics is a fast-growing field touching many different industries. Although there are several prominent women and nonbinary leaders in the space, more can be done to pave a smoother path for the next generation. Research shows that high-value mentoring happens between people 4-5 years apart in career stages. Project Advance aims to make those connections to facilitate the advancement of women and non-binary people in robotics. We launched this program in 2021, drawing inspiration from some of the best mentorship programs in the country to create a high-trust, intimate environment with structured accountability and a sense of community. We're excited to start accepting applications for our second cohort!

## How It Works

Over the course of 90 days, Project Advance will pair a small number of high-potential women and nonbinary people with mentors who are just a few steps ahead. Mentors and mentees will virtually meet every two weeks to discuss how to meaningfully increase their personal and professional impact. As this is the first beta of Project Advance, we will also be experimenting with other programming such as fire-side chats and skills-based workshops to help refine the experience for future cohorts.

Submit an application to mentor or be a mentee (you can be both)!

[Submit an application](/project-advance-application/){: .btn .btn-lg .btn-default-filled .my-5}
